tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_add_host_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_add_host_create_server_with_az[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_add_host_get_details[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_add_host_list[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_add_non_exist_host[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_add_remove_host[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_create_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_create_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_create_delete_with_az[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_create_get_details[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_create_verify_entry_in_list[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_delete_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_delete_with_invalid_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_get_details_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_get_details_with_invalid_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_list_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestJSON.test_aggregate_remove_host_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_add_host_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_add_host_create_server_with_az[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_add_host_get_details[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_add_host_list[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_add_non_exist_host[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_add_remove_host[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_create_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_create_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_create_delete_with_az[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_create_get_details[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_create_verify_entry_in_list[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_delete_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_delete_with_invalid_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_get_details_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_get_details_with_invalid_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_list_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_aggregates.AggregatesAdminTestXML.test_aggregate_remove_host_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_availability_zone.AvailabilityZoneAdminTestJSON.test_get_availability_zone_list[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_availability_zone.AvailabilityZoneAdminTestJSON.test_get_availability_zone_list_detail[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_availability_zone.AvailabilityZoneAdminTestJSON.test_get_availability_zone_list_detail_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_availability_zone.AvailabilityZoneAdminTestJSON.test_get_availability_zone_list_with_non_admin_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_availability_zone.AvailabilityZoneAdminTestXML.test_get_availability_zone_list[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_availability_zone.AvailabilityZoneAdminTestXML.test_get_availability_zone_list_detail[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_availability_zone.AvailabilityZoneAdminTestXML.test_get_availability_zone_list_detail_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_availability_zone.AvailabilityZoneAdminTestXML.test_get_availability_zone_list_with_non_admin_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestJson.test_fixed_ip_with_invalid_action[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestJson.test_list_fixed_ip_details[gate] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestJson.test_list_fixed_ip_details_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestJson.test_set_reserve[gate] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestJson.test_set_reserve_with_invalid_ip[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestJson.test_set_reserve_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestJson.test_set_unreserve[gate] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestJson.test_set_unreserve_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestXml.test_fixed_ip_with_invalid_action[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestXml.test_list_fixed_ip_details[gate] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestXml.test_list_fixed_ip_details_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestXml.test_set_reserve[gate] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestXml.test_set_reserve_with_invalid_ip[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestXml.test_set_reserve_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestXml.test_set_unreserve[gate] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_fixed_ips.FixedIPsTestXml.test_set_unreserve_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestJSON.test_create_flavor[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestJSON.test_create_flavor_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestJSON.test_create_flavor_verify_entry_in_list_details[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestJSON.test_create_list_flavor_without_extra_data[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestJSON.test_delete_flavor_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestJSON.test_flavor_not_public_verify_entry_not_in_list_details[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestJSON.test_get_flavor_details_for_deleted_flavor[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestJSON.test_invalid_is_public_string[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestJSON.test_is_public_string_variations[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestJSON.test_list_public_flavor_with_other_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_create_flavor[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_create_flavor_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_create_flavor_verify_entry_in_list_details[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_create_list_flavor_without_extra_data[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_delete_flavor_as_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_flavor_not_public_verify_entry_not_in_list_details[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_get_flavor_details_for_deleted_flavor[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_invalid_is_public_string[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_is_public_string_variations[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_list_public_flavor_with_other_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_access.FlavorsAccessTestJSON.test_flavor_access_add_remove[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_access.FlavorsAccessTestJSON.test_flavor_non_admin_add[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_access.FlavorsAccessTestJSON.test_flavor_non_admin_remove[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_access.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_flavor_access_add_remove[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_access.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_flavor_non_admin_add[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_access.FlavorsAdminTestXML.test_flavor_non_admin_remove[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_extra_specs.FlavorsExtraSpecsTestJSON.test_flavor_non_admin_get_keys[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_extra_specs.FlavorsExtraSpecsTestJSON.test_flavor_non_admin_set_keys[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_extra_specs.FlavorsExtraSpecsTestJSON.test_flavor_non_admin_unset_keys[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_extra_specs.FlavorsExtraSpecsTestJSON.test_flavor_set_get_unset_keys[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_extra_specs.FlavorsExtraSpecsTestXML.test_flavor_non_admin_get_keys[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_extra_specs.FlavorsExtraSpecsTestXML.test_flavor_non_admin_set_keys[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_extra_specs.FlavorsExtraSpecsTestXML.test_flavor_non_admin_unset_keys[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_flavors_extra_specs.FlavorsExtraSpecsTestXML.test_flavor_set_get_unset_keys[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestJSON.test_create_server_when_cpu_quota_is_full[gate] ... SKIP: This test require the change in nova component https://review.openstack.org/#/c/25887/, the related bug is https://bugs.launchpad.net/nova/+bug/1160749 once the change is merged I will enable this testcase
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestJSON.test_create_server_when_instances_quota_is_full[gate,negative] ... SKIP: This test require the change in nova component https://review.openstack.org/#/c/25887/, the related bug is https://bugs.launchpad.net/nova/+bug/1160749 once the change is merged I will enable this testcase
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestJSON.test_create_server_when_memory_quota_is_full[gate] ... SKIP: This test require the change in nova component https://review.openstack.org/#/c/25887/, the related bug is https://bugs.launchpad.net/nova/+bug/1160749 once the change is merged I will enable this testcase
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestJSON.test_get_default_quotas[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestJSON.test_get_updated_quotas[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestJSON.test_security_groups_exceed_limit[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestJSON.test_security_groups_rules_exceed_limit[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestJSON.test_update_all_quota_resources_for_tenant[gate] ... SKIP: This test require the change in nova component https://review.openstack.org/#/c/25887/, the related bug is https://bugs.launchpad.net/nova/+bug/1160749 once the change is merged I will enable this testcase
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestXML.test_create_server_when_cpu_quota_is_full[gate] ... SKIP: This test require the change in nova component https://review.openstack.org/#/c/25887/, the related bug is https://bugs.launchpad.net/nova/+bug/1160749 once the change is merged I will enable this testcase
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestXML.test_create_server_when_instances_quota_is_full[gate,negative] ... SKIP: This test require the change in nova component https://review.openstack.org/#/c/25887/, the related bug is https://bugs.launchpad.net/nova/+bug/1160749 once the change is merged I will enable this testcase
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestXML.test_create_server_when_memory_quota_is_full[gate] ... SKIP: This test require the change in nova component https://review.openstack.org/#/c/25887/, the related bug is https://bugs.launchpad.net/nova/+bug/1160749 once the change is merged I will enable this testcase
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestXML.test_get_default_quotas[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestXML.test_get_updated_quotas[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestXML.test_security_groups_exceed_limit[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestXML.test_security_groups_rules_exceed_limit[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_quotas.QuotasAdminTestXML.test_update_all_quota_resources_for_tenant[gate] ... SKIP: This test require the change in nova component https://review.openstack.org/#/c/25887/, the related bug is https://bugs.launchpad.net/nova/+bug/1160749 once the change is merged I will enable this testcase
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_services.ServicesAdminTestJSON.test_list_services[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_services.ServicesAdminTestJSON.test_list_services_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_services.ServicesAdminTestXML.test_list_services[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_services.ServicesAdminTestXML.test_list_services_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestJSON.test_get_usage_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestJSON.test_get_usage_tenant_with_empty_tenant_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestJSON.test_get_usage_tenant_with_invalid_date[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestJSON.test_get_usage_tenant_with_non_admin_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestJSON.test_list_usage_all_tenants[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestJSON.test_list_usage_all_tenants_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestXML.test_get_usage_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestXML.test_get_usage_tenant_with_empty_tenant_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestXML.test_get_usage_tenant_with_invalid_date[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestXML.test_get_usage_tenant_with_non_admin_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestXML.test_list_usage_all_tenants[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.admin.test_simple_tenant_usage.TenantUsagesTestXML.test_list_usage_all_tenants_with_non_admin_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_get_flavor[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_get_flavor_details_for_invalid_flavor_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_get_non_existant_flavor[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_invalid_minDisk_filter[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_invalid_minRam_filter[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_list_flavors[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_list_flavors_detailed_filter_by_min_disk[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_list_flavors_detailed_filter_by_min_ram[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_list_flavors_detailed_limit_results[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_list_flavors_detailed_using_marker[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_list_flavors_filter_by_min_disk[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_list_flavors_filter_by_min_ram[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_list_flavors_limit_results[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_list_flavors_using_marker[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestJSON.test_list_flavors_with_detail[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_get_flavor[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_get_flavor_details_for_invalid_flavor_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_get_non_existant_flavor[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_invalid_minDisk_filter[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_invalid_minRam_filter[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_list_flavors[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_list_flavors_detailed_filter_by_min_disk[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_list_flavors_detailed_filter_by_min_ram[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_list_flavors_detailed_limit_results[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_list_flavors_detailed_using_marker[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_list_flavors_filter_by_min_disk[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_list_flavors_filter_by_min_ram[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_list_flavors_limit_results[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_list_flavors_using_marker[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.flavors.test_flavors.FlavorsTestXML.test_list_flavors_with_detail[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_delete_image_metadata_item[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_delete_nonexistant_image_metadata_item[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_get_image_metadata_item[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_get_nonexistant_image_metadata_item[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_list_image_metadata[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_list_nonexistant_image_metadata[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_set_image_metadata[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_set_image_metadata_item[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_set_nonexistant_image_metadata[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_set_nonexistant_image_metadata_item[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_update_image_metadata[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestJSON.test_update_nonexistant_image_metadata[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_delete_image_metadata_item[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_delete_nonexistant_image_metadata_item[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_get_image_metadata_item[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_get_nonexistant_image_metadata_item[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_list_image_metadata[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_list_nonexistant_image_metadata[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_set_image_metadata[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_set_image_metadata_item[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_set_nonexistant_image_metadata[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_set_nonexistant_image_metadata_item[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_update_image_metadata[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_image_metadata.ImagesMetadataTestXML.test_update_nonexistant_image_metadata[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_create_image_from_deleted_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_create_image_from_invalid_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_create_image_specify_uuid_35_characters_or_less[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_create_image_specify_uuid_37_characters_or_more[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_create_image_when_server_is_rebooting[gate,negative] ... SKIP: Until Bug #1039739 is fixed
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_create_image_when_server_is_terminating[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_delete_image_blank_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_delete_image_id_is_over_35_character_limit[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_delete_image_negative_image_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_delete_image_non_hex_string_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_delete_image_with_invalid_image_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestJSON.test_delete_non_existent_image[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_create_image_from_deleted_server[gate,negative] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_create_image_from_invalid_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_create_image_specify_uuid_35_characters_or_less[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_create_image_specify_uuid_37_characters_or_more[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_create_image_when_server_is_rebooting[gate,negative] ... SKIP: Until Bug #1039739 is fixed
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_create_image_when_server_is_terminating[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_delete_image_blank_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_delete_image_id_is_over_35_character_limit[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_delete_image_negative_image_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_delete_image_non_hex_string_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_delete_image_with_invalid_image_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images.ImagesTestXML.test_delete_non_existent_image[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestJSON.test_create_delete_image[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestJSON.test_create_image_for_server_in_another_tenant[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestJSON.test_create_image_specify_invalid_metadata[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestJSON.test_create_image_specify_metadata_over_limits[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestJSON.test_create_image_specify_multibyte_character_image_name[gate,negative] ... SKIP: Until Bug #1006725 is fixed
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestJSON.test_create_image_specify_name_over_256_chars[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestJSON.test_create_second_image_when_first_image_is_being_saved[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestJSON.test_delete_image_of_another_tenant[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestJSON.test_delete_image_that_is_not_yet_active[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestXML.test_create_delete_image[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestXML.test_create_image_for_server_in_another_tenant[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestXML.test_create_image_specify_invalid_metadata[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestXML.test_create_image_specify_metadata_over_limits[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestXML.test_create_image_specify_multibyte_character_image_name[gate,negative] ... SKIP: Until Bug #1006725 is fixed
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestXML.test_create_image_specify_name_over_256_chars[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestXML.test_create_second_image_when_first_image_is_being_saved[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestXML.test_delete_image_of_another_tenant[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_images_oneserver.ImagesOneServerTestXML.test_delete_image_that_is_not_yet_active[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_get_image_not_existing[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_get_nonexistant_image[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_filter_by_changes_since[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_filter_by_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_filter_by_server_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_filter_by_server_ref[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_filter_by_status[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_filter_by_type[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_limit_results[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_with_detail_filter_by_changes_since[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_with_detail_filter_by_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_with_detail_filter_by_server_ref[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_with_detail_filter_by_status[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_with_detail_filter_by_type[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestJSON.test_list_images_with_detail_limit_results[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_get_image_not_existing[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_get_nonexistant_image[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_filter_by_changes_since[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_filter_by_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_filter_by_server_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_filter_by_server_ref[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_filter_by_status[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_filter_by_type[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_limit_results[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_with_detail_filter_by_changes_since[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_with_detail_filter_by_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_with_detail_filter_by_server_ref[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_with_detail_filter_by_status[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_with_detail_filter_by_type[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_image_filters.ListImageFiltersTestXML.test_list_images_with_detail_limit_results[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_images.ListImagesTestJSON.test_get_image[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_images.ListImagesTestJSON.test_list_images[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_images.ListImagesTestJSON.test_list_images_with_detail[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_images.ListImagesTestXML.test_get_image[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_images.ListImagesTestXML.test_list_images[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.images.test_list_images.ListImagesTestXML.test_list_images_with_detail[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_create_keypair_invalid_name[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_create_keypair_when_public_key_bits_exceeds_maximum[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_create_keypair_with_duplicate_name[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_create_keypair_with_empty_name_string[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_create_keypair_with_empty_public_key[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_create_keypair_with_long_keynames[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_get_keypair_detail[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_keypair_create_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_keypair_create_with_invalid_pub_key[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_keypair_create_with_pub_key[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_keypair_delete_nonexistant_key[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestJSON.test_keypairs_create_list_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_create_keypair_invalid_name[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_create_keypair_when_public_key_bits_exceeds_maximum[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_create_keypair_with_duplicate_name[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_create_keypair_with_empty_name_string[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_create_keypair_with_empty_public_key[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_create_keypair_with_long_keynames[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_get_keypair_detail[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_keypair_create_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_keypair_create_with_invalid_pub_key[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_keypair_create_with_pub_key[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_keypair_delete_nonexistant_key[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.keypairs.test_keypairs.KeyPairsTestXML.test_keypairs_create_list_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.limits.test_absolute_limits.AbsoluteLimitsTestJSON.test_absLimits_get[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.limits.test_absolute_limits.AbsoluteLimitsTestJSON.test_max_image_meta_exceed_limit[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.limits.test_absolute_limits.AbsoluteLimitsTestXML.test_absLimits_get[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.limits.test_absolute_limits.AbsoluteLimitsTestXML.test_max_image_meta_exceed_limit[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestJSON.test_security_group_rules_create[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestJSON.test_security_group_rules_create_with_invalid_from_port[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestJSON.test_security_group_rules_create_with_invalid_id[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestJSON.test_security_group_rules_create_with_invalid_ip_protocol[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestJSON.test_security_group_rules_create_with_invalid_port_range[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestJSON.test_security_group_rules_create_with_invalid_to_port[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestJSON.test_security_group_rules_create_with_optional_arguments[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestJSON.test_security_group_rules_delete_with_invalid_id[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestJSON.test_security_group_rules_list[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestXML.test_security_group_rules_create[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestXML.test_security_group_rules_create_with_invalid_from_port[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestXML.test_security_group_rules_create_with_invalid_id[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestXML.test_security_group_rules_create_with_invalid_ip_protocol[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestXML.test_security_group_rules_create_with_invalid_port_range[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestXML.test_security_group_rules_create_with_invalid_to_port[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestXML.test_security_group_rules_create_with_optional_arguments[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestXML.test_security_group_rules_delete_with_invalid_id[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_group_rules.SecurityGroupRulesTestXML.test_security_group_rules_list[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestJSON.test_delete_nonexistant_security_group[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestJSON.test_delete_security_group_without_passing_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestJSON.test_delete_the_default_security_group[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestJSON.test_security_group_create_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestJSON.test_security_group_create_get_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestJSON.test_security_group_create_with_duplicate_name[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestJSON.test_security_group_create_with_invalid_group_description[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestJSON.test_security_group_create_with_invalid_group_name[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestJSON.test_security_group_get_nonexistant_group[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestJSON.test_security_groups_create_list_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestJSON.test_server_security_groups[gate] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestXML.test_delete_nonexistant_security_group[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestXML.test_delete_security_group_without_passing_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestXML.test_delete_the_default_security_group[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestXML.test_security_group_create_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestXML.test_security_group_create_get_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestXML.test_security_group_create_with_duplicate_name[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestXML.test_security_group_create_with_invalid_group_description[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestXML.test_security_group_create_with_invalid_group_name[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestXML.test_security_group_get_nonexistant_group[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestXML.test_security_groups_create_list_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.security_groups.test_security_groups.SecurityGroupsTestXML.test_server_security_groups[gate] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_disk_config.ServerDiskConfigTestJSON.test_rebuild_server_with_auto_disk_config[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_disk_config.ServerDiskConfigTestJSON.test_rebuild_server_with_manual_disk_config[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_disk_config.ServerDiskConfigTestJSON.test_resize_server_from_auto_to_manual[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_disk_config.ServerDiskConfigTestJSON.test_resize_server_from_manual_to_auto[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_disk_config.ServerDiskConfigTestXML.test_rebuild_server_with_auto_disk_config[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_disk_config.ServerDiskConfigTestXML.test_rebuild_server_with_manual_disk_config[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_disk_config.ServerDiskConfigTestXML.test_resize_server_from_auto_to_manual[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_disk_config.ServerDiskConfigTestXML.test_resize_server_from_manual_to_auto[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_by_changes_since[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_by_changes_since_future_date[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_by_changes_since_invalid_date[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_by_limits[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_by_limits_greater_than_actual_count[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_by_limits_pass_negative_value[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_by_limits_pass_string[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_by_non_existing_flavor[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_by_non_existing_image[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_by_non_existing_server_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_detail_server_is_deleted[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_status_non_existing[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestJSON.test_list_servers_with_a_deleted_server[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_by_changes_since[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_by_changes_since_future_date[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_by_changes_since_invalid_date[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_by_limits[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_by_limits_greater_than_actual_count[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_by_limits_pass_negative_value[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_by_limits_pass_string[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_by_non_existing_flavor[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_by_non_existing_image[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_by_non_existing_server_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_detail_server_is_deleted[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_status_non_existing[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_list_servers_negative.ListServersNegativeTestXML.test_list_servers_with_a_deleted_server[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestJSON.test_max_count_less_than_min_count[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestJSON.test_max_count_less_than_one[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestJSON.test_max_count_non_integer[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestJSON.test_min_count_less_than_one[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestJSON.test_min_count_non_integer[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestJSON.test_multiple_create[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestJSON.test_multiple_create_with_reservation_return[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestXML.test_max_count_less_than_min_count[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestXML.test_max_count_less_than_one[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestXML.test_max_count_non_integer[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestXML.test_min_count_less_than_one[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestXML.test_min_count_non_integer[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestXML.test_multiple_create[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_multiple_create.MultipleCreateTestXML.test_multiple_create_with_reservation_return[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_personality.ServerPersonalityTestJSON.test_can_create_server_with_max_number_personality_files[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_personality.ServerPersonalityTestJSON.test_personality_files_exceed_limit[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_personality.ServerPersonalityTestXML.test_can_create_server_with_max_number_personality_files[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_server_personality.ServerPersonalityTestXML.test_personality_files_exceed_limit[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestJSON.test_create_server_with_admin_password[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestJSON.test_create_specify_keypair[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestJSON.test_create_with_existing_server_name[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestJSON.test_delete_server_while_in_building_state[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestJSON.test_update_access_server_address[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestJSON.test_update_server_name[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestXML.test_create_server_with_admin_password[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestXML.test_create_specify_keypair[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestXML.test_create_with_existing_server_name[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestXML.test_delete_server_while_in_building_state[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestXML.test_update_access_server_address[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers.ServersTestXML.test_update_server_name[gate] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_create_numeric_server_name[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_create_server_metadata_exceeds_length_limit[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_create_server_name_length_exceeds_256[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_create_with_invalid_flavor[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_create_with_invalid_image[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_create_with_invalid_network_uuid[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_create_with_non_existant_keypair[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_create_with_nonexistent_security_group[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_delete_a_server_of_another_tenant[gate,negative] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_delete_non_existent_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_delete_server_pass_id_exceeding_length_limit[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_delete_server_pass_negative_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_get_non_existent_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_invalid_access_ip_v4_address[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_invalid_ip_v6_address[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_personality_file_contents_not_encoded[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_reboot_deleted_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_rebuild_deleted_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_server_name_blank[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_update_name_of_non_existent_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_update_server_name_length_exceeds_256[gate,negative] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_update_server_of_another_tenant[gate,negative] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTest.test_update_server_set_empty_name[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_create_numeric_server_name[gate,negative] ... SKIP: Not testable in XML
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_create_server_metadata_exceeds_length_limit[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_create_server_name_length_exceeds_256[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_create_with_invalid_flavor[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_create_with_invalid_image[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_create_with_invalid_network_uuid[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_create_with_non_existant_keypair[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_create_with_nonexistent_security_group[gate,negative] ... FAIL
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_delete_a_server_of_another_tenant[gate,negative] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_delete_non_existent_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_delete_server_pass_id_exceeding_length_limit[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_delete_server_pass_negative_id[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_get_non_existent_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_invalid_access_ip_v4_address[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_invalid_ip_v6_address[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_personality_file_contents_not_encoded[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_reboot_deleted_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_rebuild_deleted_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_server_name_blank[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_update_name_of_non_existent_server[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_update_server_name_length_exceeds_256[gate,negative] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_update_server_of_another_tenant[gate,negative] ... ERROR
tempest.api.compute.servers.test_servers_negative.ServersNegativeTestXML.test_update_server_set_empty_name[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_attach_volume.AttachVolumeTestJSON.test_attach_detach_volume[gate] ... SKIP: SSH required for this test
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_attach_volume.AttachVolumeTestXML.test_attach_detach_volume[gate] ... SKIP: SSH required for this test
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_get.VolumesGetTestJSON.test_volume_create_get_delete[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_get.VolumesGetTestJSON.test_volume_get_metadata_none[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_get.VolumesGetTestXML.test_volume_create_get_delete[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_get.VolumesGetTestXML.test_volume_get_metadata_none[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_list.VolumesTestJSON.test_volume_list[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_list.VolumesTestJSON.test_volume_list_with_details[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_list.VolumesTestXML.test_volume_list[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_list.VolumesTestXML.test_volume_list_with_details[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTest.test_create_volume_with_invalid_size[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTest.test_create_volume_with_out_passing_size[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTest.test_create_volume_with_size_zero[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTest.test_delete_invalid_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTest.test_delete_volume_without_passing_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTest.test_get_invalid_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTest.test_get_volume_without_passing_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTest.test_volume_delete_nonexistant_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTest.test_volume_get_nonexistant_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTestXML.test_create_volume_with_invalid_size[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTestXML.test_create_volume_with_out_passing_size[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTestXML.test_create_volume_with_size_zero[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTestXML.test_delete_invalid_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTestXML.test_delete_volume_without_passing_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTestXML.test_get_invalid_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTestXML.test_get_volume_without_passing_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTestXML.test_volume_delete_nonexistant_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.volumes.test_volumes_negative.VolumesNegativeTestXML.test_volume_get_nonexistant_volume_id[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.test_extensions.ExtensionsTestJSON.test_list_extensions[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.test_extensions.ExtensionsTestXML.test_list_extensions[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.test_live_block_migration.LiveBlockMigrationTestJSON.test_invalid_host_for_migration[gate] ... SKIP: Live migration not available
tempest.api.compute.test_live_block_migration.LiveBlockMigrationTestJSON.test_iscsi_volume[gate] ... SKIP: Block Live migration not available
tempest.api.compute.test_live_block_migration.LiveBlockMigrationTestJSON.test_live_block_migration[gate] ... SKIP: Live migration not available
tempest.api.compute.test_live_block_migration.LiveBlockMigrationTestXML.test_invalid_host_for_migration[gate] ... SKIP: Live migration not available
tempest.api.compute.test_live_block_migration.LiveBlockMigrationTestXML.test_iscsi_volume[gate] ... SKIP: Block Live migration not available
tempest.api.compute.test_live_block_migration.LiveBlockMigrationTestXML.test_live_block_migration[gate] ... SKIP: Live migration not available
tempest.api.compute.test_quotas.QuotasTestJSON.test_get_default_quotas[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.test_quotas.QuotasTestJSON.test_get_quotas[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.test_quotas.QuotasTestXML.test_get_default_quotas[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.compute.test_quotas.QuotasTestXML.test_get_quotas[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_endpoints.EndPointsTestJSON.test_create_delete_endpoint[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_endpoints.EndPointsTestJSON.test_list_endpoints[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_endpoints.EndPointsTestJSON.test_update_endpoint[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_endpoints.EndPointsTestXML.test_create_delete_endpoint[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_endpoints.EndPointsTestXML.test_list_endpoints[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_endpoints.EndPointsTestXML.test_update_endpoint[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_policies.PoliciesTestJSON.test_create_update_delete_policy[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_policies.PoliciesTestJSON.test_list_policies[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_policies.PoliciesTestXML.test_create_update_delete_policy[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_policies.PoliciesTestXML.test_list_policies[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_services.ServicesTestJSON.test_update_service[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_services.ServicesTestXML.test_update_service[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_users.UsersV3TestJSON.test_list_user_projects[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_users.UsersV3TestJSON.test_user_update[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_users.UsersV3TestXML.test_list_user_projects[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.v3.test_users.UsersV3TestXML.test_user_update[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_assign_duplicate_user_role[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_assign_user_role[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_assign_user_role_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_assign_user_role_for_non_existent_role[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_assign_user_role_for_non_existent_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_assign_user_role_for_non_existent_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_assign_user_role_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_list_roles[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_list_roles_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_list_roles_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_list_user_roles[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_list_user_roles_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_list_user_roles_for_non_existent_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_list_user_roles_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_remove_user_role[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_remove_user_role_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_remove_user_role_non_existant_role[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_remove_user_role_non_existant_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_remove_user_role_non_existant_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_remove_user_role_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_role_create_blank_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_role_create_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestJSON.test_role_create_duplicate[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_assign_duplicate_user_role[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_assign_user_role[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_assign_user_role_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_assign_user_role_for_non_existent_role[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_assign_user_role_for_non_existent_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_assign_user_role_for_non_existent_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_assign_user_role_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_list_roles[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_list_roles_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_list_roles_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_list_user_roles[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_list_user_roles_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_list_user_roles_for_non_existent_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_list_user_roles_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_remove_user_role[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_remove_user_role_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_remove_user_role_non_existant_role[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_remove_user_role_non_existant_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_remove_user_role_non_existant_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_remove_user_role_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_role_create_blank_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_role_create_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_roles.RolesTestXML.test_role_create_duplicate[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_services.ServicesTestJSON.test_create_get_delete_service[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_services.ServicesTestJSON.test_list_services[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_services.ServicesTestXML.test_create_get_delete_service[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_services.ServicesTestXML.test_list_services[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_create_tenant_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_create_tenant_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_create_tenant_with_empty_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_create_tenants_name_length_over_64[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_delete_non_existent_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_list_tenant_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_list_tenants_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_tenant_create_duplicate[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_tenant_create_enabled[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_tenant_create_not_enabled[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_tenant_create_with_description[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_tenant_delete_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_tenant_delete_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_tenant_list_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_tenant_update_desc[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_tenant_update_enable[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestJSON.test_tenant_update_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_create_tenant_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_create_tenant_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_create_tenant_with_empty_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_create_tenants_name_length_over_64[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_delete_non_existent_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_list_tenant_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_list_tenants_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_tenant_create_duplicate[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_tenant_create_enabled[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_tenant_create_not_enabled[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_tenant_create_with_description[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_tenant_delete_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_tenant_delete_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_tenant_list_delete[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_tenant_update_desc[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_tenant_update_enable[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_tenants.TenantsTestXML.test_tenant_update_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_authentication_for_disabled_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_authentication_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_authentication_when_tenant_is_disabled[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_authentication_with_invalid_password[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_authentication_with_invalid_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_authentication_with_invalid_username[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_create_user[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_create_user_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_create_user_for_non_existant_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_create_user_request_without_a_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_create_user_with_duplicate_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_create_user_with_empty_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_create_user_with_empty_password[gate] ... SKIP: Until Bug #999084 is fixed
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_create_user_with_invalid_email_format[gate] ... SKIP: Until Bug #999084 is fixed
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_create_user_with_long_password[gate] ... SKIP: Until Bug #999084 is fixed
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_create_user_with_name_length_over_64[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_delete_non_existant_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_delete_user[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_delete_users_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_get_users[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_get_users_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_get_users_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_list_users_for_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_list_users_with_invalid_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_list_users_with_roles_for_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestJSON.test_user_authentication[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_authentication_for_disabled_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_authentication_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_authentication_when_tenant_is_disabled[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_authentication_with_invalid_password[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_authentication_with_invalid_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_authentication_with_invalid_username[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_create_user[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_create_user_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_create_user_for_non_existant_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_create_user_request_without_a_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_create_user_with_duplicate_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_create_user_with_empty_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_create_user_with_empty_password[gate] ... SKIP: Until Bug #999084 is fixed
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_create_user_with_invalid_email_format[gate] ... SKIP: Until Bug #999084 is fixed
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_create_user_with_long_password[gate] ... SKIP: Until Bug #999084 is fixed
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_create_user_with_name_length_over_64[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_delete_non_existant_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_delete_user[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_delete_users_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_get_users[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_get_users_by_unauthorized_user[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_get_users_request_without_token[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_list_users_for_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_list_users_with_invalid_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_list_users_with_roles_for_tenant[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.identity.admin.test_users.UsersTestXML.test_user_authentication[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_image_members.ImageMembersTests.test_add_image_member[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_image_members.ImageMembersTests.test_get_shared_images[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_image_members.ImageMembersTests.test_remove_member[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.CreateRegisterImagesTest.test_register_http_image[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.CreateRegisterImagesTest.test_register_image_with_min_ram[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.CreateRegisterImagesTest.test_register_remote_image[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.CreateRegisterImagesTest.test_register_then_upload[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.CreateRegisterImagesTest.test_register_with_invalid_container_format[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.CreateRegisterImagesTest.test_register_with_invalid_disk_format[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.ListImagesTest.test_index_container_format[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.ListImagesTest.test_index_disk_format[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.ListImagesTest.test_index_max_size[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.ListImagesTest.test_index_min_size[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.ListImagesTest.test_index_name[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.ListImagesTest.test_index_no_params[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v1.test_images.ListImagesTest.test_index_status_active_detail[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v2.test_images.CreateRegisterImagesTest.test_register_then_upload[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v2.test_images.CreateRegisterImagesTest.test_register_with_invalid_container_format[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v2.test_images.CreateRegisterImagesTest.test_register_with_invalid_disk_format[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.image.v2.test_images.ListImagesTest.test_index_no_params[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_account_services.AccountTest.test_create_account_metadata[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_account_services.AccountTest.test_delete_account_metadata[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_account_services.AccountTest.test_list_account_metadata[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_account_services.AccountTest.test_list_containers[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_account_services.AccountTest.test_list_containers_with_non_authorized_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_container_services.ContainerTest.test_container_metadata[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_container_services.ContainerTest.test_create_container[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_container_services.ContainerTest.test_delete_container[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_container_services.ContainerTest.test_list_container_contents_json[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_container_sync.ContainerSyncTest.test_container_synchronization[gate] ... SKIP: Until Bug #1093743 is resolved.
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_expiry.ObjectExpiryTest.test_get_object_after_expiry_time[gate] ... SKIP: Until Bug #1069849 is resolved.
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_copy_object_2d_way[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_copy_object_across_containers[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_copy_object_in_same_container[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_copy_object_to_itself[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_create_object[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_delete_object[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_delete_object_with_non_authorized_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_delete_object_without_using_creds[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_get_object[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_get_object_using_temp_url[gate] ... SKIP: Until Bug #1097137 is resolved.
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_object_metadata[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_object_upload_in_segments[gate] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_read_object_with_non_authorized_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_write_object_with_non_authorized_user[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.ObjectTest.test_write_object_without_using_creds[gate,negative] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.PublicObjectTest.test_access_public_container_object_without_using_creds[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.PublicObjectTest.test_access_public_object_with_another_user_creds[gate,smoke] ... ok
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.PublicObjectTest.test_write_public_object_without_using_creds[gate,smoke] ... SKIP: Until Bug #1020722 is resolved.
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_services.PublicObjectTest.test_write_public_with_another_user_creds[gate,smoke] ... SKIP: Until Bug #1020722 is resolved.
tempest.api.object_storage.test_object_version.ContainerTest.test_versioned_container[gate,smoke] ... FAIL
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_absolute_limites ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_aggregate_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_availability_zone_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_cloudpipe_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_credentials ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_debug_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_dns_domains ... ERROR
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_dns_list ... SKIP: Test needs parameters, Bug #1157349
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_endpoints ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_fake_action ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_flavor_acces_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_flavor_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_floating_ip_bulk_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_floating_ip_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_floating_ip_pool_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_help ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_host_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_hypervisor_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_image_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_interface_list ... SKIP: Test needs parameters, Bug #1157349
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_keypair_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_list_extensions ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_net_list ... ERROR
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_network_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_rate_limits ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_secgroup_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_secgroup_list_rules ... SKIP: Test needs parameters, Bug #1157349
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_servce_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_timeout ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_timing ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_usage ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_usage_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_version ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_volume_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_volume_snapshot_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute.SimpleReadOnlyNovaClientTest.test_admin_volume_type_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute_manage.SimpleReadOnlyNovaManageTest.test_admin_fake_action ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute_manage.SimpleReadOnlyNovaManageTest.test_db_archive_deleted_rows ... ERROR
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute_manage.SimpleReadOnlyNovaManageTest.test_db_sync ... ERROR
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute_manage.SimpleReadOnlyNovaManageTest.test_db_version ... ERROR
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute_manage.SimpleReadOnlyNovaManageTest.test_debug_flag ... ERROR
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute_manage.SimpleReadOnlyNovaManageTest.test_flavor_list ... ERROR
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute_manage.SimpleReadOnlyNovaManageTest.test_help_flag ... ERROR
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute_manage.SimpleReadOnlyNovaManageTest.test_verbose_flag ... ERROR
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute_manage.SimpleReadOnlyNovaManageTest.test_version ... ERROR
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_compute_manage.SimpleReadOnlyNovaManageTest.test_version_flag ... ERROR
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_glance.SimpleReadOnlyGlanceClientTest.test_glance_fake_action ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_glance.SimpleReadOnlyGlanceClientTest.test_glance_help ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_glance.SimpleReadOnlyGlanceClientTest.test_glance_image_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_bashcompletion ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_catalog_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_discover ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_endpoint_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_endpoint_service_match ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_fake_action ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_help ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_role_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_service_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_tenant_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_user_list ... ok
tempest.cli.simple_read_only.test_keystone.SimpleReadOnlyKeystoneClientTest.test_admin_user_role_list ... ok
tempest.scenario.test_minimum_basic.TestMinimumBasicScenario.test_minimum_basic_scenario ... ERROR
tempest.scenario.test_server_advanced_ops.TestServerAdvancedOps.test_resize_server_confirm ... FAIL
tempest.scenario.test_server_basic_ops.TestServerBasicOps.test_server_basicops ... FAIL
tempest.thirdparty.boto.test_ec2_keys.EC2KeysTest.test_create_ec2_keypair[gate,smoke] ... ERROR
tempest.thirdparty.boto.test_ec2_keys.EC2KeysTest.test_delete_ec2_keypair[gate,smoke] ... SKIP: Skipped until the Bug #1072318 is resolved
tempest.thirdparty.boto.test_ec2_keys.EC2KeysTest.test_duplicate_ec2_keypair[gate,smoke] ... ERROR
tempest.thirdparty.boto.test_ec2_keys.EC2KeysTest.test_get_ec2_keypair[gate,smoke] ... ERROR
tempest.thirdparty.boto.test_ec2_network.EC2NetworkTest.test_disassociate_not_associated_floating_ip[gate,smoke] ... SKIP: Skipped until the Bug #1080406 is resolved
tempest.thirdparty.boto.test_ec2_security_groups.EC2SecurityGroupTest.test_create_authorize_security_group[gate,smoke] ... ERROR
tempest.thirdparty.boto.test_s3_buckets.S3BucketsTest.test_create_and_get_delete_bucket[gate,smoke] ... SKIP: Skipped until the Bug #1076965 is resolved
tempest.thirdparty.boto.test_s3_objects.S3BucketsTest.test_create_get_delete_object[gate,smoke] ... ERROR
tempest.cli: ERROR: command output:
tempest.cli: ERROR: command output:
tempest.cli: ERROR: command output:
tempest.cli: ERROR: command output:
tempest.cli: ERROR: command output:
tempest.cli: ERROR: command output:
tempest.cli: ERROR: command output:
tempest.cli: ERROR: command output:
tempest.cli: ERROR: command output:
tempest.cli: ERROR: command output:
tempest.cli: ERROR: command output:
tempest.thirdparty.boto.test: ERROR: can't set attribute
tempest.thirdparty.boto.test: ERROR: can't set attribute
tempest.thirdparty.boto.test: ERROR: can't set attribute
